lib: nrf_modem_lib: lte_net_if: offload modem fault to system workq  and correct fault recovery in download sample (#22251)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Modem libraries
---------------

> * :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme` :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_readme`:
```

>   * Fixed an issue with modem fault handling, where the event must be deferred from interrupt context before it can be forwarded to the zephyr :ref:`net_mgmt_interface` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed an issue with modem fault handling in the :ref:`nrf_modem_lib_lte_net_if`, where the event must be deferred from interrupt context before it can be forwarded to the Zephyr's :ref:`net_mgmt_interface` module.
```
